Update billing docs for AM3 (#10210)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/pricing/index.mdx

---
title: Pricing & Billing
sidebar_order: 1
description: "Learn about pricing, managing volume, and the different Sentry plans."
---

This page gives you an in-depth understanding of our pricing and billing structure, including:

> - [How our pricing works](#pricing-how-it-works) and [per-category-pricing](#pricing-by-product-and-data-category)
> - [Reserved](/pricing/#prepaid-reserved-capacity) and [pay-as-you-go](/pricing/#pay-as-you-go) budget
> - [Billing cycles](#billing-cycles)

Author: ```suggestion
- [How our pricing works](#pricing-how-it-works) and [per-category-pricing](#pricing-by-product-and-data-category)
- [Billing cycles](#billing-cycles)
```

---
title: Pricing & Billing
sidebar_order: 1
description: "Learn about pricing, managing volume, and the different Sentry plans."
---

<Alert>

> This pricing page only applies to plans **started on June 5th, 2024 or later**. For information about older plans, go to your [**Settings**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/) page and click on "Subscription" (under the "Usage & Billing" heading.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pricing page only applies to plans **started on June 5th, 2024 or later**. For information about older plans, go to your [**Settings**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/) page and click on "Subscription" (under the "Usage & Billing" heading).
```

> This pricing page only applies to plans **started on June 5th, 2024 or later**. For information about older plans, go to your [**Settings**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/) page and click on "Subscription" (under the "Usage & Billing" heading).
> </Alert>

Author: ```suggestion
This pricing only applies to free plans or paid plans **started on June 11th, 2024 or later**. For information about older plans, go to your [**Settings**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/) page and click on "Subscription" (under the "Usage & Billing" heading).
</Alert>
```

This page gives you an in-depth understanding of our pricing and billing structure, including:

- [How our pricing works](#pricing-how-it-works) and [per-category-pricing](#pricing-by-product-and-data-category)
- [Billing cycles](#billing-cycles)
- [Taxes](#taxes) and [exemptions](#tax-exemptions)

## Terminology

- **Volume:** Volume refers to the total number of events and attachments — or the total amount of data sent by your organization.

- **Reserved volume:** A predetermined amount of data you pay for in advance at a discount, on a monthly or annual basis. Your base plan includes a set amount of volume for each data category.

> - **Pay-as-you-go budget:** Setting a pay-as-you-go budget covers any overages and ensures that you don't lose monitoring after your prepaid volume has run out. This is the maximum you'll pay for overages each month.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Pay-as-you-go budget:** Setting a pay-as-you-go (PAYG) budget covers any overages and ensures that you don't lose monitoring after your prepaid volume has run out. This is the maximum you'll pay for overages each month.
```

> - **Pay-as-you-go budget:** Setting a pay-as-you-go (PAYG) budget covers any overages and ensures that you don't lose monitoring after your prepaid volume has run out. This is the maximum you'll pay for overages each month.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Pay-as-you-go budget:** Setting a pay-as-you-go (PAYG) budget covers any overages and ensures that you don't lose monitoring after your reserved volume has run out. This is the maximum you'll pay for overages each month.
```

## Pricing: How It Works

> We bill based on the amount of data you want us to process. Our [Pricing plans](https://sentry.io/pricing/), each come with a pre-set event volume which is included in the price. For example, all paid plans come with a monthly set of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We bill based on the amount of data you want us to process. Our [Pricing plans](https://sentry.io/pricing/) each come with a pre-set event volume, which is included in the price. For example, all paid plans come with a monthly set of:
```

> We bill based on the amount of data you want us to process. Our [Pricing plans](https://sentry.io/pricing/) each come with a pre-set event volume, which is included in the price. For example, all paid plans come with a monthly set of:

Author: ```suggestion
We bill based on the amount of data processed. Each [paid plan](https://sentry.io/pricing/) comes with the below pre-set monthly event volume, which is included in the price:
```

- 50k errors
- 10M span units
- 50 replays
- 1 cron monitor
- 1GB of attachments

> On top of that, you can choose to pay for a set, reserved volume of additional data at a discounted price. Any unused reserved volume will expire at the end of each billing month. You can also set aside a pay-as-you-go budget that can be used to cover potential overages in any data category. Your pay-as-you-go budget will only be accessed once the reserved budget has run out and you'll only be billed for what you use (up to the maximum you've set).

Author: ```suggestion
On top of that, you can choose to pay for a set, reserved volume of additional data at a discounted price. Any unused reserved volume will expire at the end of each billing month. You can also set aside a pay-as-you-go budget that can be used to cover potential overages in any data category. Your pay-as-you-go budget will only be accessed once the reserved volume has run out and you'll only be billed for what you use (up to the maximum you've set).
```

Any data sent after you've run through your reserved volume and pay-as-you-go budget will be dropped and you won't be charged for it. This also means that you'll lose monitoring for the remainder of the billing cycle, so make sure your budget matches your usage.

### Pricing by Product and Data Category

> Sentry offers several products, each of which have their own pricing structure as listed in the tables below. Paid pricing plans include a standard volume of events for each product or data category and you can buy more either by prepaying for reserved volume and/or setting up a pay-as-you-go budget.

Author: ```suggestion
Sentry offers several products, each of which have their own pricing structure as listed in the tables below. Paid pricing plans include a standard volume of events for each product or data category and you can buy more either by prepaying for reserved volume and/or setting up a pay-as-you-go (PAYG) budget.
```

<Note>

Please note that all per-category prices listed below have been rounded to the nearest millionth.

</Note>

#### Errors Pricing

> | Errors Volume | Team Prepaid | Team PAYG* | Business Prepaid | Business PAYG* |

Author: ```suggestion
| Errors Volume | Team Reserved | Team PAYG* | Business Reserved | Business PAYG* |
```

| ------------- | ------------ | ---------- | ---------------- | -------------- |
| >50k-100k     | $0.0002900   | $0.0003625 | $0.0008900       | $0.0011125     |
| >100k-500k    | $0.0001750   | $0.0002188 | $0.0005000       | $0.0006250     |
| >500k-10M     | $0.0001500   | $0.0001875 | $0.0003000       | $0.0003750     |
| >10M-20M      | $0.0001300   | $0.0001625 | $0.0002600       | $0.0003250     |
| >20M          | $0.0001200   | $0.0001500 | $0.0002400       | $0.0003000     |

#### Tracing Pricing

Tracing is enabled by spans and will be billed for in span units.

> | Span Unit Volume | Team Prepaid | Team PAYG* | Business Prepaid | Business PAYG* |

Author: ```suggestion
| Span Unit Volume | Team Reserved | Team PAYG | Business Reserved | Business PAYG |
```

| ---------------- | ------------ | ---------- | ---------------- | -------------- |
| >10M-100M        | $0.0000016   | $0.0000020 | $0.0000032       | $0.0000040     |
| >100M            | $0.0000014   | $0.0000018 | $0.0000029       | $0.0000036     |

#### Replays Pricing

> | Replays Volume | Team Prepaid | Team PAYG* | Business Prepaid | Business PAYG* |

Author: ```suggestion
| Replays Volume | Team Reserved | Team PAYG | Business Reserved | Business PAYG |
```

| -------------- | ------------ | ---------- | -----------------| -------------- |
| >50-5k         | $0.0030000   | $0.0037500 | $0.0030000       | $0.0037500     |
| >5k-100k       | $0.0028500   | $0.0035630 | $0.0028500       | $0.0035630     |
| >100k-900k     | $0.0025650   | $0.0032060 | $0.0025650       | $0.0032060     |
| >900k-4.5M     | $0.0023090   | $0.0028860 | $0.0023090       | $0.0028860     |
| >4.5M          | $0.0019620   | $0.0024530 | $0.0019620       | $0.0024530     |

#### Cron Monitors Pricing

Monitors for Crons can't be purchased in advance. Crons are available to use and purchase through a pay-as-you-go budget that can be shared across all event types.

| Team PAYG* | Business PAYG* |
| ---------- | -------------- |
| $0.7800000 | $0.7800000     |

#### Attachments Pricing

> | Attachments Volume | Team Prepaid | Team PAYG* | Business Prepaid | Business PAYG* |

Author: ```suggestion
| Attachments Volume | Team Reserved | Team PAYG | Business Reserved | Business PAYG |
```

| ------------------ | ------------ | ---------- | ---------------- | -------------- |
| >1G                | $0.2500000   | $0.3125000 | $0.2500000       | $0.3125000     |

> _** PAYG - pay-as-you-go.**_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_* PAYG stands for pay-as-you-go._
```
I think this should be formatted as a footnote to explain what the * in the tables mean

#### Consolidated Pricing

Use the [pricing page](https://sentry.io/pricing/) to determine the amount of reserved volume you might need based on your anticipated usage.

For more information on how to manage your monthly spending, check out our [Quota Management documentation](/pricing/quotas/).

## Billing Cycles

<Note>
  You have to have Billing or Owner-level permissions to make changes to
  information on the Subscription page or access invoices. If you need an
  invoice, but don't have the right permissions, reach out to your
  administrator.
</Note>

> We run on two billing cycles - one for paid plans, and the other for pay-as-you-go budget. If you're on a paid plan, you can choose to be billed for it and any reserved volume on either a monthly or an annual basis.

Author: ```suggestion
Sentry uses two billing cycles - one for paid plan subscriptions and reserved volume, and the other for pay-as-you-go usage. If you're on a paid plan, you can choose to be billed for it on either a monthly or an annual basis.
```

> If you've added a pay-as-you-go budget and you're on a monthly billing plan, you'll be billed for any pay-as-you-go usage within that same billing cycle. If you're on an annual billing plan, any pay-as-you-go usage will be billed separately on a monthly basis.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Subscription billing cycle:** Billing cycle for your paid plan and reserved volume for which you can elect to be billed on either a monthly or an annual basis.
- **Pay-as-you-go billing cycle:** Billing cycle for your pay-as-you-go usage, for which you'll be billed on a monthly basis. 

_If you're on a monthly subscription billing cycle, your pay-as-you-go billing cycle will be aligned to it._
```

### Changing Plans Mid-cycle

If you decide to increase your pay-as-you-go budget in the middle of your billing cycle, Sentry will start processing additional data as soon as the increase becomes effective.\*

If you want to decrease your pay-as-you-go budget in the middle of your billing cycle, but have already consumed more data than the new desired amount allows, your budget will be lowered to match what you've already used. Any new data will be rejected. Your pay-as-you-go budget will be decreased to the desired amount on your next billing date.

If you upgrade from a Team to a Business plan mid-cycle, any existing pay-as-you-go budget will be recalculated based on Business tier pricing. This may mean that your pay-as-you-go budget will be consumed faster than it was before.

\*In most cases, new budgets will take effect within minutes. Otherwise, we guarantee a maximum turnaround time of 24 hours.

## Plans and Free Trials

Sentry has one free Developer plan and three paid plans: Team, Business, and Enterprise. You can find more information about each by going to our [pricing page](https://sentry.io/pricing/).

> Plan upgrades take effect immediately. Plan downgrades and cancellations are processed as the end of the current contract cycle and cannot be refunded. If you no longer want to be on a paid plan, you'll revert to the base Developer plan at the end of your current contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plan upgrades take effect immediately. Plan downgrades and cancellations are processed at the end of the current contract cycle and cannot be refunded. If you no longer want to be on a paid plan, you'll revert to the base Developer plan at the end of your current contract.
```

> All new Sentry accounts come with a 14-day free trial period. You'll have the option to upgrade and continue to use Sentry's latest features like Insights at any time before your trial ends. Upgrades will be effective immediately. Users who haven't upgraded by the end of their free trial will remain on the free Developer plan with limited features.

Author: ```suggestion
All new Sentry accounts come with a 14-day free trial period. You'll have the option to upgrade and continue to use Sentry's paid features at any time before your trial ends. Upgrades will be effective immediately. Users who haven't upgraded by the end of their free trial will remain on the free Developer plan with limited features.
```

## Product Trials

In addition to the free Business trial available to new accounts, Sentry offers a one-time, 14-day product trial as a way to let your organization try out products that aren't part of your billing plan (such as Tracing and Session Replays). Product trials are specific to each product, so you can try one product at a time or multiple products at the same time.

> Anyone who's on a Team or Business plan can initiate a product trial directly from the Sentry UI. Keep in mind that each org can only trial each product once.

Author: ```suggestion
Anyone who's on a Free, Team, or Business plan can initiate a product trial directly from the Sentry UI. Keep in mind that each org can only trial each product once.
```

### Changing Plans Mid-cycle

If you decide to increase your pay-as-you-go budget in the middle of your billing cycle, Sentry will start processing additional data as soon as the increase becomes effective.\*

If you want to decrease your pay-as-you-go budget in the middle of your billing cycle, but have already consumed more data than the new desired amount allows, your budget will be lowered to match what you've already used. Any new data will be rejected. Your pay-as-you-go budget will be decreased to the desired amount on your next billing date.

If you upgrade from a Team to a Business plan mid-cycle, any existing pay-as-you-go budget will be recalculated based on Business tier pricing. This may mean that your pay-as-you-go budget will be consumed faster than it was before.

\*In most cases, new budgets will take effect within minutes. Otherwise, we guarantee a maximum turnaround time of 24 hours.

## Plans and Free Trials

> Sentry has one free Developer plan and three paid plans: Team, Business, and Enterprise. You can find more information about each of these plans and what they include on our [pricing page](https://sentry.io/pricing/).

Author: ```suggestion
Sentry has one free Developer plan and three paid plans: Team, Business, and Enterprise. You can find more information about each by going to our [pricing page](https://sentry.io/pricing/).
```

## Product Trials

In addition to the free Business trial available to new accounts, Sentry offers a one-time, 14-day product trial as a way to let your organization try out products that aren't part of your billing plan (such as Tracing and Session Replays). Product trials are specific to each product, so you can try one product at a time or multiple products at the same time.

![Image of UI with product trial pop up](./img/product-trial-pop-up-in-ui.png)

Anyone who's on a Team or Business plan can initiate a product trial directly from the Sentry UI. Keep in mind that each org can only trial each product once.
During your 14-day product trial, you'll be able to send us an unlimited number of events. If you continue to use the product after your trial period is up, any additional usage will be billed using your available reserved volume or your pay-as-you-go budget. You won't be billed for any data you've used during the 14-day trial period.

### Who's Eligible for a Product Trial and When?

> **New accounts**
> New accounts will be able to request a one-time product trial on day 15, after the initial 14-day Business trial has ended, or immediately after a plan has been upgraded to a paid plan.

Author: ```suggestion
**New accounts**

New accounts will be able to request a one-time product trial on day 15, after the initial 14-day Business trial has ended, or immediately after a plan has been upgraded to a paid plan.
```

> **Free accounts**
> Free accounts will be able to request a one-time product trial at any time.

Author: ```suggestion
**Free accounts**

Free accounts will be able to request a one-time product trial at any time.
```

---
title: Pricing & Billing
sidebar_order: 1

> description: "Learn about pricing, managing volume, and different Sentry plans."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Learn about pricing, managing volume, and the different Sentry plans."
```

#### Errors Pricing

| Volume |  Team Prepaid | Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Prepaid | Business Pay-as-you-go |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| >50k-100k | $0.0002900 | $0.0003625 | $0.0008900 | $0.0011125 |
| >100k-500k | $0.0001750 | $0.0002188 | $0.0005000 | $0.0006250 |
| >500k-2M | $0.0001500 | $0.0001875 | $0.0003000 | $0.0003750 |
| >2M-10M | $0.0001500 | $0.0001875 | $0.0003000 | $0.0003750 |
| >10M-20M | $0.0001300 | $0.0001625 | $0.0002600 | $0.0003250 |
| >20M-25M | $0.0001200 | $0.0001500 | $0.0002400 | $0.0003000 |

> | >25M-50M | $0.0001200 | $0.000100 | $0.0002400 | $0.0003000 |

Author: ```suggestion
| >25M | $0.0001200 | $0.000100 | $0.0002400 | $0.0003000 |
```

#### Tracing Pricing

Tracing is enabled by spans and we bill per span unit.

| Total Span Unit Volume | Team Prepaid | Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Prepaid | Business Pay-as-you-go |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> | >10M-100M | $0.0000016 | $0.0000020 | $0.0000032 | $0.0000040 |
> | >100M-10B | $0.0000014 | $0.0000018 | $0.0000029 | $0.0000036 |
> | >500k-1M | $0.000052 | $0.000075 | $0.000130  | $0.000231 |
> | >1M-4.5M | $0.000052 | $0.000068 | $0.000130 | $0.000169 |
> | >4.5M-5M | $0.000046 | $0.000068 | $0.000092 | $0.0000169 |

Author: ```suggestion
| >10M-100M | $0.0000016 | $0.0000020 | $0.0000032 | $0.0000040 |
| >100M | $0.0000014 | $0.0000018 | $0.0000029 | $0.0000036 |

```

#### Replays Pricing

| Total Replays Volume | Team Prepaid | Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Prepaid | Business Pay-as-you-go |
| -------------------- | ------------ | ------------------ | ---------------- | ---------------------- |
| >50-5k               | $0.0030000   | $0.0037500         | $0.0030000       | $0.0037500             |
| >5k-100k             | $0.0028500   | $0.0035630         | $0.0028500       | $0.0035630             |
| >100k-900k           | $0.0025650   | $0.0032060         | $0.0025650       | $0.0032060             |
| >900k-4.5M           | $0.0023090   | $0.0028860         | $0.0023090       | $0.0028860             |
| >4.5M                | $0.0019620   | $0.0024530         | $0.0019620       | $0.0024530             |

#### Cron Monitors Pricing

Monitors for Crons can't be purchased in advance. Crons are available to use and purchase through a pay-as-you-go budget that can be shared across all event types.

| Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Pay-as-you-go |
| ------------------ | ---------------------- |
| $0.7800000         | $0.7800000             |

#### Attachments Pricing

> | Total Attachments Volume | Team Prepaid | Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Prepaid | Business Pay-as-you-go |

Reviewer 2: What does the second row on this table mean?

#### Replays Pricing

> | Total Replays Volume | Team Prepaid | Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Prepaid
> | Business Pay-as-you-go |
> | >5k-10k | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | 
> | >10k-100k | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | 
> | >100k-900k | $0.0025650 | $0.0032060 | $0.0025650 | $0.0032060 | 
> | >1.0M-4.5M | $0.0023090 | $0.0024530 | $0.0019620 | $0.0024530 | 
> | >4.5M | $0.001962 | $0.002551 |

Author: ```suggestion
| Total Replays Volume | Team Prepaid | Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Prepaid
| Business Pay-as-you-go |
| >50-5k | $0.0030000 | $0.0037500 | $0.0030000 | $0.0037500 | 
| >5k-100k | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | 
| >100k-900k | $0.0025650 | $0.0032060 | $0.0025650 | $0.0032060 | 
| >900k-4.5M | $0.0023090 | $0.0028860 | $0.0023090 | $0.0028860 | 
| >4.5M | $0.0019620 | $0.0024530 | $0.0019620 | $0.0024530 |
```

#### Replays Pricing

| Total Replays Volume | Team Prepaid | Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Prepaid
| Business Pay-as-you-go |
| >5k-10k |  | $0.003705 |
| >10k-100k | $0.002850 | $0.003705 |
| >100k-900k | $0.002565 | $0.003335 |
| >900k-4.5M | $0.002309 | $0.003001 |
| >4.5M-20M | $0.001962 | $0.002551 |

#### Cron Monitors Pricing

Monitors for Crons can't be purchased in advance. Crons are available to use and purchase through a pay-as-you-go budget that can be shared across all event types.

> | Total Monitors Volume | Team/Business On-Demand |
> |---|---|

Author: ```suggestion
 | Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Pay-as-you-go |
| $0.7800000 | $0.7800000 | 

#### Attachments Pricing

 | Total Attachments Volume | Team Prepaid | Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Prepaid | Business Pay-as-you-go |
| >1G | $0.2500000 | $0.3125000 | $0.2500000 | $0.3125000 | 

```

#### Replays Pricing

| Total Replays Volume | Team Prepaid | Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Prepaid
| Business Pay-as-you-go |
| >5k-10k | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | 
| >10k-100k | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | 
| >100k-900k | $0.0025650 | $0.0032060 | $0.0025650 | $0.0032060 | 
| >1.0M-4.5M | $0.0023090 | $0.0024530 | $0.0019620 | $0.0024530 | 

> | >4.5M-20M | $0.001962 | $0.002551 |

Author: ```suggestion
| >4.5M | $0.001962 | $0.002551 |
```

> | Total Replays Volume | Team Prepaid | Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Prepaid
> | Business Pay-as-you-go |
> | >5k-10k | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | 
> | >10k-100k | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | 
> | >100k-900k | $0.0025650 | $0.0032060 | $0.0025650 | $0.0032060 | 
> | >1.0M-4.5M | $0.0023090 | $0.0024530 | $0.0019620 | $0.0024530 | 
> | >4.5M-20M | $0.001962 | $0.002551 |

Author: ```suggestion
| Total Replays Volume | Team Prepaid | Team Pay-as-you-go | Business Prepaid
| Business Pay-as-you-go |
| >50-5k | $0.0030000 | $0.0037500 | $0.0030000 | $0.0037500 | 
| >5k-100k | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | $0.0028500 | $0.0035630 | 
| >100k-900k | $0.0025650 | $0.0032060 | $0.0025650 | $0.0032060 | 
| >900k-4.5M | $0.0023090 | $0.0028860 | $0.0023090 | $0.0028860 | 
| >4.5M | $0.0019620 | $0.0024530 | $0.0019620 | $0.0024530 |
```
